Implemented offscreen API information into migration guides (#4765)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/mv3/declare_permissions/index.md

        many circumstances your extension will not need to declare the <code>"tabs"</code> permission to make use of
        these APIs.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="offscreen">
      <td><code>"offscreen"</code></td>

>       <td>Gives your extension access to the <a href="/docs/extensions/reference/offscreen/">chrome.offscreen</a> API, allowing developers to create off-screen documents to utilize DOM APIs without obtrusively opening new windows or tabs that interrupt the user experience. Off-screen documents are treated as web pages, and do not have the same permissions as the service worker.</td>

Reviewer: I only have two pieces of concrete guidance. This clearly takes more than one sentence to explain so let it. Is the list of accessible namespaces short enough to include here? I need to know it either way. We should probably open a separate PR to add this information to the API reference.

>       <td>Gives your extension access to the <a href="/docs/extensions/reference/offscreen/">chrome.offscreen</a> API, allowing developers to create off-screen documents to utilize DOM APIs without obtrusively opening new windows or tabs that interrupt the user experience. Off-screen documents are treated as web pages, and do not have the same permissions as the service worker.</td>

Reviewer 2: I'm fairly sure the only API that can be used is chrome.runtime, per https://docs.google.com/document/d/1b-I-vXq2h7OFFmus78jZXIWcKilKJLKLeGplnY9wt7k/edit#heading=h.6pt6jd60gybh (see "Limited extension API access"). We could say something like "Cannot access all extension APIs but can use chrome.runtime" since that avoids a claim that there is literally nothing else?

        many circumstances your extension will not need to declare the <code>"tabs"</code> permission to make use of
        these APIs.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="offscreen">
      <td><code>"offscreen"</code></td>

>       <td>Gives access to the <a href="/docs/extensions/reference/offscreen/">chrome.offscreen</a> API, allowing developers to create off-screen documents to use DOM APIs without obtrusively opening new windows or tabs that interrupt the user experience. Off-screen documents do not have the same APIs as the rest of the extension, but have access to the [chrome.runtime](/docs/extensions/reference/runtime/) messaging API to communicate with the service worker. 

Reviewer: >Gives your extension access to

What you did is technically correct. It follows the best practice to omit needless words. I was just telling Amy that were I writing this from scratch, I'd do exactly what you just did. Until we can fix these all at once, they should be consistent. (If you have a spare five, feel free to open a PR.)

>&lt;code>chrome.offscreen&lt;/code>

Make sure that code identifiers are always monospaced.

>Off-screen to Offscreen

If we weren't talking about a product feature, your original would be correct. This is the official spelling of the feature.

>       <td>Gives access to the <a href="/docs/extensions/reference/offscreen/">chrome.offscreen</a> API, allowing developers to create off-screen documents to use DOM APIs without obtrusively opening new windows or tabs that interrupt the user experience. Off-screen documents do not have the same APIs as the rest of the extension, but have access to the [chrome.runtime](/docs/extensions/reference/runtime/) messaging API to communicate with the service worker. 

Reviewer 3: @jpmedley @IanStanion-google I have a second **Permissions warning** PR I'm working on. I'll take care of this there.

>       <td>Gives your extension access to the <a href="/docs/extensions/reference/offscreen/">chrome.offscreen</a> API, allowing developers to create off-screen documents to utilize DOM APIs without obtrusively opening new windows or tabs that interrupt the user experience. Off-screen documents do not have the same APIs as the rest of the extension, but have access to the [chrome.runtime](/docs/extensions/reference/runtime/) messaging API to communicate with the service worker. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Gives access to the <a href="/docs/extensions/reference/offscreen/">chrome.offscreen</a> API, allowing developers to create off-screen documents to use DOM APIs without obtrusively opening new windows or tabs that interrupt the user experience. Off-screen documents do not have the same APIs as the rest of the extension, but have access to the [chrome.runtime](/docs/extensions/reference/runtime/) messaging API to communicate with the service worker. 
```

Reviewer: These changes are two writing best practices.
* 'your extension'. This follows the best practice to omit needless words. The context already gives the reader the information that you're talking about an extension.
* 'utilize' to 'use'. 'Utilize' is what's called a needless variant. Avoid them.
